fix: Add docs for running the metadata CLI for backup in k8s upgrade (#9465)
open-metadata/OpenMetadata: openmetadata-docs/content/deployment/upgrade/kubernetes.md

### Back up metadata

> Before proceeding, pleae make sure you made a backup of your MySQL/Postgres DB behind OpenMetadata server. This step is extremely important for you to restore to your current state if any issues come up during the upgrade. It is recommended before upgrading you production instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before proceeding, please back up your MySQL/Postgres DB behind the OpenMetadata server. This step is crucial for restoring to your current state if any issues arise during the upgrade. It is recommended before upgrading your production instances.
```

> Make sure you have a connectivity between your database (mysql / postgresql) with host machine where you will be running the below commands. If you are using the default database available with OpenMetadata Dependencies, make sure to port-forward the mysql service using `kubectl port-forward service/mysql 3306:3306`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have connectivity between your database (MySQL / PostgreSQL) and the host machine where you will be running the below commands. If you are using the default database available with OpenMetadata Dependencies, make sure to port-forward the MySQL service using `kubectl port-forward service/mysql 3306:3306`.
```

> 1. `python -m venv venv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, follow the next steps to create a virtual environment and install the latest OpenMetadata Python package with the backup CLI:

1. `python -m venv venv`
```

2. `source venv/bin/activate`

> 3. `PIP_USER=false pip install openmetadata-ingestion==0.13.0.3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `pip install openmetadata-ingestion~=0.13.1`
```

Backup fixes will be there for 0.13.1

Author: In that cases, should it be 0.13.1.0 as we are following the pattern X.X.X.X ?
